this is my latest homemade film rig my
skateboard ollie is not finished and
ready to go in my last video I posted an
update you're not still building it and
it's not finished now I want to say
although it took over 2 months and it's
probably my biggest project yet it was
actually very very simple and I'm gonna
talk to you about some of the paths that
I used and why I specifically chose this
design if you didn't see my previous
video the reason why I had to update my
dollie is that my first one that I built
wasn't as stable as I wanted it to be
and so I needed something that I could
stand on or sit on while I'm filming and
I went for this specific design because
I wanted the Tauri to be able to turn my
previous dolly could only film from in
one direction in a straight line so this
one here can actually turn and that's
why I went for this design here so all
four wheels or all four sets of wheels
can actually rotate it like this which
means I can put it on a curved track and
the dolly will just turn while I'm
filming in terms of parts I've got four
wheels on each corner of the dolly and
I've got four just to make sure that I
can carry the weight of the camera
cameraman and maybe that the focus
puller but I'm not gonna go for it until
I've tested it and you can see here that
this l-shaped ion was very crucial and
fortunately for me I had lying around
the balconies I know it way came from so
that's what I use and it's quite quite
sturdy how men is to get my wheels to
pivot is as you can see here I've got
this one long 10 millimeter screw
running from the base from the top of
the dolly right to the bottom and I'm
using four screws to create that gap so
that my wheels can turn and not touch
the base and right at the bottom there
after the lock nut that obviously just
keeps this thing from rolling out as
it's spinning because it could spin out
and that could be like it is a start to
say the least for the base of the dolly
I've got just simple wood that I've
bought at the hard way and I just had to
make sure that it's picking up and so
you can see I've got two pieces of wood
that I've joined together that I've
screwed in just a couple of screws to
keep it together in terms of the width I
just made sure that it can fit through a
door so it's about 70 centimetres and
the length length wives about a meter
meter and 10 centimeters and that's just
to allow for the cameraman the tripod
and the focus puller when I get to that
stage
the last mechanism that I built was this
little tea joint that I use and this is
where they the rod comes in here that
the dolly could actually uses to push
and to pull the dolly I was worried that
the PVC might not be as strong and
material to use but I actually found
that actually just works pretty well
this allows for this movement here which
means the dolly grip can have at
whatever end all that suits investor
based on his height and stuff the rest
that's left to do now such a painted
black and then I'm gonna have a piece of
net include on the top here just to
allow my tripod to be able to stand firm
in a slide off and also for me when I'm
sitting on my chair that I won't
actually follow so I'm gonna have to not
find a little stool maybe like a chair
for my drum kit that I can sit on hand
and that will be that
Oh
are you okay I had you next week